# Meeting Transcription -- 2026-03-16

**Source:** הקלטה 133.m4a
**Date:** 2026-03-16
**Language:** Hebrew

## Transcription

[דובר 1]: יש הרבה רעש.
[דובר 2]: יש רעש?
[דובר 1]: כן.
[דובר 2]: תן לי לשים אוזניות רגע.
[דובר 1]: בסדר.
[דובר 1]: שלום, בסדר?
[דובר 2]: כן.
[אוהב]: חשוב הזווית.
[אבישי]: מה?
[אוהב]: חשוב הזווית הקטנה.
[אבישי]: כן שלא יראו את כל הפיצ'פקס שם.
[אוהב]: כן, כן. וזה בשיחות מתקדמות יותר אנחנו נעשה איזה פרוטוקול לפני של.
[אבישי]: מה הסיכוי שהוא לא מגיע?
[אוהב]: אני לא שומע כלום בספוטיפיי.
[אבישי]: אה, תשמע, תמיד יכול להיות, אבל כאילו הפרוטוקול שלי זה לחכות איזה שלוש, ארבע דקות, חמש, ואז לשלוח איזשהו הודעה.
[אוהב]: אגב, יש איזה שישה שפנו אליו, שתדע.
[אבישי]: השניים האלה שרשמת, נטלי מכירה את שניהם.
[אוהב]: אשכרה.
[אבישי]: את רוקח כן, מכירה את הסיפור של הלשונות, למרות שלא כל כך דיברתי איתי, אני מכיר את הסיפור שלה שהיא צבעה את הבד הזה שיתאים לקיפולים שם וכל מיני דברים כאלה. מכיר את הסיפור עם המשלג שזה לא שהיא לא מזה. גם מכירה.
[אוהב]: כן. טוב, מגניב, כאילו, נראה שהם פעילים. מניח שראית גם שעשיתי את ה שעשיתי את הפריימוורק הזה, אובשן כזה. בסדר, נראה לי נדבר על זה אחרי זה, אבל בעיקרון fill in the gap מה שנקרא.
[אבישי]: טוב, לשלוח לו באימייל, עודה בלינקדין?
[אוהב]: ננסה לו בלינקדין.
[אבישי]: עוד דקה.
[אבישי]: אני אחכה לו עד הסוף.
[אבישי]: Are you joining now?
[אוהב]: Hey Ben, we are in the meeting עם איזה סמיילי או משהו או משהו כזה. לא יודע. Are you joining? כן. Don't overthink it כאילו. כן.
[אבישי]: שלחתי.
[בן]: Hey guys.
[אבישי]: Hello.
[אוהב]: Hey Ben.
[בן]: How is it going?
[אבישי]: Nice to meet you. Thank you for taking the call with us. I know we have 30 minutes, so it's just gonna be brief. Thank you for your time. I'll introduce myself and then Ohav will introduce himself. I'm Avishai, nice to meet you. I'm from Israel. I'm an entrepreneur, I served in the unit 8200, you might have heard of it. I've done a lot of technology projects. I studied both AI, cyber and e-commerce. And I joined Ohav which is with me, and we started working on a venture in relevance to generative commerce. I saw your post on LinkedIn and I thought it might be relevant for us to chat a bit. And Ohav will introduce himself.
[אוהב]: Hey Ben, how is it going? So, I'm Ohav, I'm from Tel Aviv, born and raised and also has a technological experience specifically in cyber security and AI. I'm a veteran of the 8200 technological unit as well as of Zell entrepreneurship program. And fun fact, which I think you can relate to, is that I was a pro soccer player in Israel until the age of 27. I had to quit because of many injuries, but I saw your background as a head coach and analyst in the MLS, so and also upper 90, which is important. So this is about me in a glimpse.
[בן]: Cool. Nice to meet you guys. What uh, so is what's the company name?
[אוהב]: We are Fishbone.
[בן]: Can you put it in the chat? And uh, and the focus is around high level and I'll I'll tell you just I'm just want to get like a few quick answers and then I'll give a little background about myself too. So, so fishbone and how many employees? Is it just you two?
[אוהב]: Yeah.
[בן]: Yeah. Okay. And have you raised any money?
[אוהב]: So currently we are trying to do it kind of uh, bootstrap, you know? Yeah. So this is both of us. We we see we can and believe in ourselves. We we see we can provide some value, so this is why we chose this path.
[בן]: How old are you guys?
[אבישי]: I'm 27.
[אוהב]: I'm in the age that it is hard to answer. No, I'm just kidding, 33.
[בן]: 33? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[אוהב]: I know I'm I'm a kid and everything, yeah, I know it.
[בן]: Um and are you like co-CEO or co-founders or what's your roles?
[אבישי]: We're co-founders. I'm taking the the technological lead role, CTO, and Ohav is taking the CEO role.
[אוהב]: Yep.
[בן]: Okay, cool. Okay. And then as far as like competitors, do you have any like high-level competitors that you view yourself against or somewhat?
[אוהב]: So, we are still in early stages where we try to sharpen the specific target market and niche. So it directly affects the competitors, but we are in the field of discoverability for retailers with their product catalogs within AI platforms. So, every player that plays in this field is kind of potential competitor. Um, yeah, but this is part of what we would like to to brainstorm with you today and hear your thoughts about it.
[בן]: Okay. Yeah, cool. So, I I was, yeah, I was at ABG, I just left to start my own consulting firm and um, I haven't even really launched the website yet because I've just been too busy talking with people. Uh, basically, um, now I'm working with brands, SAS, or private equity depending on like the the type of project that it is. So I spent most of the last five years working across e-commerce and marketplace. So basically, when we would acquire a company like Reebok, uh, we would acquire the IP. And then with Reebok, you'd have multiple websites around the world. So maybe there's reebok.com, Reebok Canada, Reebok Europe. And then basically, I would oversee the project of breaking those apart from the existing um owner to our individual licensees. So ABG is running a licensing model. So nautica.com is the US website for Nautica. The core operator for Nautica is Catalyst. Um, Catalyst will create maybe men's and women's sportswear categories. But then you have people who create Nautica fragrance and Nautica backpacks and Nautica luggage and Nautica belts and shoes. And those are other licensees who really focus on those things to manufacture. So in the US, you might have 40 licensees who manufacture a number of different products, but you have one licensee who gets brick and mortar, retail access and website access or ownership. The other 39 or so would have to figure out, how do I get into the website and brick and mortar? Do I wholesale my products to that other licensee? Do I do some sort of drop shipping? Or do I just not get in there at all? So therefore it would then shift to, okay, I have to focus on B2B, getting into Macy's, Nordstrom's, Dillard's, wholesale, or I have to focus on marketplace like Amazon, Walmart, which could also be wholesale B2B still, um, but you can run it in different models where you're actually controlling and shipping the goods. So it's like not necessarily the same. Um, now that happens across every brand all over the world. So you have, you know, you have, you may have an operator in Reebok Brazil and Reebok Canada and Reebok Mexico and Reebok US. They're all different companies. They don't talk to one another, they don't, they don't work with each other much at all. Um, except maybe if the US operator is the core producer of goods, then they may engage with that operator. They may buy goods from them and sell them in their country, but they also may manufacture other goods um, underneath the Reebok brand. So, that's kind of where I've been focusing. So I've built a lot of relationships with operators of e-commerce websites around the world. Um, and now I'm working with uh, software, SAS solutions to figure out, how do you build the company? What, what are your focused areas? Like, what are your pain points? What's your go-to market strategy? What are you charging for pricing? Who's going to buy it? What are you, your pilot program look like? Your MVP, all of those things that obviously like there are many founders like yourself doing every day, they start to bring in consultants and advisors who may be applicable to the area, the industry that they're operating in to expand, right? Um, figure out like what's the best way to pivot. So, now I'm advising early stage startups, pre-seed, seed, it could even be series A round funding on different things, different areas. I love software, I love product, I love solving problems. Um, I like working with brands and software. I think you can find ways to make both uh lucrative.
[אבישי]: I'd like to hear you talk about a bit of AI. The whole world pretty much in the last year or so has changed especially the e-commerce world. A lot of things changed and I'd love to hear you say something about it.
[בן]: About AI? Yeah. Yeah. Uh I mean there's I think there's more um there's more companies there's more things being created on a much more granular level because of AI. Now obviously there's there's things that are being solved for or current existing solutions that are being created or improved through AI but I think the granularity is becoming uh more widespread. So I see companies maybe creating problems to solve something that never was a like looked at before because now it's just all of a sudden you discover it and you're like oh well hey this is a problem we should do something about it. So there's I think more products will come to market potentially. Um in terms of AI like adoption I think that e-commerce or retail companies are all looking or mostly are looking at doing that. There's obviously a lot of brands that aren't smart in terms of what tech that they're adding. They don't know everything they're not learning every day. And so there's an education that needs to be learned by a lot of people.
[אבישי]: How about the discovery in AI? AI is using starting starting to be used to find products, suggest items. How about brands looking into that as well? Are they aware of it?
[בן]: Yeah, I mean like if we're just saying like ChatGPT, Gemini, it's a new discovery, it's like a new it's a new channel for discovery. Yeah, like I mean definitely in like the US I think in the US market people are looking at that. And so some of the things that come up when I talk to um like either web developers or or or large um retailers is like will websites be around in five years? Like that's like kind of like one thing that a lot of people say.
[אוהב]: And what is your take on this?
[בן]: I I think so. I I think there's a branding element that like just can't go away. It's like you don't you you need to see what things are. Sure, you may see them in search um and ChatGPT, but like it's going to take a long time for adoption so that like every user is not going to ChatGPT. The channels are spread out, right? Like they see you on Amazon, then they go and search for you on like Google or whatever and it's like where is this like I want to actually see something. So I don't think personally that brand websites will go away. Also it's like you know JetBlue, you know, Delta, all these airlines, they still people are still buying tickets through these websites because of just the way loyalty functionality works, how you know, how their profile works, like it just because you connect wayfair product feed to ChatGPT and people can buy within wayfair, doesn't mean they want to do it. Like I have the wayfair, I'm just going to go to wayfair, I can use my credit card, my information's built in, it can it can figure out my loyalty, I can apply promo codes, I can do all of that.
[אוהב]: Yeah, although in uh, Gemini and the whole UCP uh new uh protocol, they are allowing retailers to connect their whole ecosystem, uh including the loyalty. So you as an end user can just speak to Gemini and then uh really uh benefiting from the connectivity to the back end. So this is something that uh I would think that there is
[בן]: In Gemini has the advantage, right? Like Gemini has the advantage because they're dealing with the search and the product ads and the and the merchant feeds and the Yeah, yeah.
[אוהב]: Exactly.
[בן]: and Google shopping, right?
[אבישי]: I would like to give you a bit of context if it's okay. I'd like to give you a bit of context on how we started and where we are right now. Just to hear your opponent and opinion on that. We started pretty much around a few months ago when OpenAI announced their ChatGPT apps, you've probably seen that. Walmart has one and all of that. We started talking with retailers in Israel mostly and we tried to gauge their interest. We got some pilots started, we developed some apps for some of the biggest retailers in Israel. And right now we see that with all the recent news in the last week about Instacart is not coming, OpenAI is doing a recalculation, all of this thing. We understand that the interest is not high enough right now to either make them pay or make them want to invest more time into it, but as part of us working and developing these apps, we realized that a lot of retailers, a lot of companies have a data problem. And we realized when we try to make the AI specifically ChatGPT manage to access the whole catalog of a merchant and precisely see exact products and manage to fetch whatever the user the user's intent is, we found out that the data is simply not good enough. Like it's not structured enough, it's not enriched enough and there's a lot of mess. And we pretty much built a filter in the in the last few weeks and we realized that we're trying to focus on figuring out how to approach this, how to go to merchants. We are right now we're starting uh some again some pilots in Israel and we're in the process of contacting more retailers outside of Israel, in Europe and the United States. But I'm mostly interested in hearing you about whether you really you know that this is a problem, because we're trying to see if we might be too early or maybe it's not actually a real problem.
[אוהב]: And I think, yeah, if I may just.
[בן]: Do you have something to share or a website or a or a visual?
[אוהב]: So we are currently on stealth and the website is under development, but the idea and the main thesis that we hold at the moment is that the new storefronts are the product catalogs, not the website. Exactly the discussion we just had in the last few minutes. And uh we understand because we have the deep understanding of how LLMs and AI agents work and interact and the whole timeline where OpenAI and both OpenAI and Google introduced the feeds, we understand that they are requiring specific schemas uh for retailers to work with. And this led us to to have this thesis and now we are trying to approach experts like you and uh learn from your experience, hear your outlook of the future, whether you think uh this is the right place to focus on. Um, I would just share one more thing and uh the pilot we started are with big retailers in Israel and we are currently helping them to restructure and reorganize their data. So their posture regarding the AI discoverability is much better. We we kind of looking at it as an intelligence layer. We are allowing them to uh expose their catalog in a way that provides them an edge compared to their competitors, in the specific product level.
[בן]: Okay. Um, so what what would you, are you still figuring out what you would be generating or what type of product you're going to create or like, to be completely. So you start that you're after?
[אוהב]: Pardon me?
[בן]: kind of like right now you're just like just trying to gauge like get market research or understanding of like what people are thinking.
[אוהב]: So so Israel is kind of a sandbox and uh we try to, you know, build something bigger. Uh and we understand there is a huge need in the US from what we can uh, you know, derive from online research, but uh we truly want to speak with uh stakeholders and people that have expertise like you and understand if the product catalog thesis that we currently hold is robust enough and uh truly um the make or or break uh in the eyes of the decision makers. So uh it was our time to specifically drill down to this one. So this is the first question and the second one is whether they are actively looking for a solutions in this uh area.
[בן]: Does this um, look at that, that company and I don't know if this is like where I feel are you trying to play with product data?.
[אוהב]: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The the idea is taking a product catalog and doing some kind of uh diagnosis, understand the existing uh state of the product catalog compared to um or based on the performance in the AI platforms. For example, certain prompts, me as a retailer, I expect that my product with the following GTIN will be shown and whether it is shown or not, we are trying to provide some kind of diagnosis. And then we are trying to mitigate it based on, you know, what what potential end users will ask, enrich the data in a way that will make the product catalog as an intelligence layer. This is kind of uh the idea. Uh because as Avishai said earlier, the way that AI agents work, they're looking and prioritizing um product data that is very structured, um and uh allowing the agent to provide the best uh user experience. This is the idea.
[בן]: Yeah, I mean like you're you you want to create the product information in what? In like an API or a readable what were are you trying to figure that out or because I have I I've spoken to uh I'm speaking with another company around like payment solutions for um for UCP. Um and so like once they open up the payment layer to other providers, then they'll basically be creating the payment layer but you have to read all this information through API obviously about the product about the actual website and how it engages to be able to to check out. So it's more about building the actual product feed. Um you know through through like that exactly structured how they want it. So we are connecting
[בן]: That's one company I'm talking to more on like the payment side, and then Valu is more on like the product data within the catalog. So like making sure all your product is enriched properly and built in a way so that it's done, um or complete, uh not necessarily like the actual feed is like designed and all the code elements. But it's going that way too. I um at some point. But I I feel like you're kind of in there somewhere.
[אוהב]: So so we are similar from you know, I just uh saw it for a few seconds uh the Valu, but it looks uh similar in the concept. Uh we we believe like uh this is the next differentiator, okay? This is what moves the needle. And uh I'm curious to hear if you agree with that or do you think there are other factors that influencing uh product ranking um more. Yeah.
[בן]: Yeah, I mean I mean we look, I mean, I I talk to a lot of SEO people, a lot of GO, AO, whatever you want to call it. I mean the there's this unpredictability right now of like the prompts and like how are you going to actually rank number one in SEO? It's like anybody trying to sell you that is like they have the recipe for success. You know, you know, I wouldn't trust them because they they just it's not I don't know who's found out how to do that. Like you you know the process, right? The query fan out process and like how it's actually looking at things, right? So like you type in this long prompt, I want a bathing suit for Miami Beach in the summer month of this for a wedding, it's white. You know, and then it takes that information and breaks it down into multiple queries. And it says, okay, look at like top 10 white bathing suits, you know, or look at best bathing suits for Miami. And then it goes out and searches places for that information and typically finds, you know, websites that, you know, of high authority. So it's like the SEO process is still the same. You want to be in as many places, in as many websites that have high authority. You want to rank for as many or you know, as many phrases or terms that are applicable to your business without going outside the bounds or trying to cover off on too much. Um so like there are a lot of companies that just they don't even invest in SEO today. Like they don't even have an agency or they don't even have someone in house that like actually looks at that like every day. It may be somebody who's doing something else and like they partially do this and they're like maybe in screaming frog or they're maybe in H you know, refs or some rush or something like that, but they don't have a dedicated specialist for SEO. Now, when you look at enterprise brands, if you're trying to say, okay, I want to look at the you know, the 300 million and above, you know, in annual revenue, um then those people should have stuff like that because they have bigger budgets, they they build out like their their data um their employees uh at resources and they add more product. So like where does your product rank in the PNL text stack? So when when you look at like a digital operator who's running like just a website, right? They're running like reebok.com, they may not be any, they may not be involved at all in like Amazon or Walmart or brick and mortar. They only focus on D2C. And so then you have other people within the same organization that may be focused on wholesale and like they're just focused on marketplace. So when you look at a company, it really depends on who you're trying to go after in terms of what this what the pool is, right? If the pool is like enterprise, then like your your ICP becomes much narrow. If your pool is SMB mid-market and enterprise, then your pool is the entire audience of who would actually buy your software. But then it determines who needs your software, right? Like how big do you have to be for it to make sense and how much is the cost to entry? Do you do free trials? Is the pricing low? So all these things you have to consider. I'm I'm speaking more broadly now, but like um help me understand like what where you where you want to shape the conversation now so I can give the best feedback.
[אוהב]: So first of all, um I totally agree about the differentiation between the specific ICP. It really depends and I'm curious to hear like based on your know-how of the ecosystem and the specific data problem we are um tackling, um what is the correct ICP in your perspective? Who is the ideal customer profile that suffers from this the most?
[בן]: Well, um if you're looking at DDC, like the like the e-commerce website and you're saying, okay, our product data isn't great, so then you're looking at like the merchandiser or like head of merchandising or you know, somebody involved in product data, actually building out the product data, right? Because you generally will have, you know, a bunch of Excel sheets, people are entering information and the more brands or more products they need to enter, the more chance there is that they're not going to have complete data for everything. Now, I'm a firm believer of like the product data catalog needs to be like super clean and everything I've worked on in the past historically, I've been, you know, very hyper focused on here's the columns, here's the data, here's every product that has that data, but a lot of companies don't operate like that. And what I'm seeing in some of the conversations is like some people have like 400 columns in like a product data sheet of just like duplicated shit that like doesn't make sense. And so like when you're working with like a pin, a pin system like a Salsify or a Akeneo. Yeah. Kind of. Then like those are the ones where like you're starting to structure that data more clearly. You know, here's all the columns, we're getting that data in. Um but it just depends. I mean, I can't speak for all the different companies obviously. Um but if you're if your product is easy to entry, like low cost to entry, it does a POC or like a free trial to start and you can show value right away, great. If it's like, hey, we have to create the product data and like that's the whole process of it. There's typically not like a free trial or a process where you're like saying, hey, yeah, maybe you update five products and we create some of them as a sample for them, but it's you can't really show the return on investment right away. Especially like SEO product or it's like showing up higher in the rankings. Like are you going to do that day one? No. Like are you an SEO agency? No. So like you know, you need to know how you position it.
[אוהב]: Yeah, for sure. It's either flat fee or performance-based. Um I totally get uh what you say. Um, listen, first of all, uh we are in 7:30 and uh we are really uh like uh appreciate your time. We don't want to take out of it. Um, so quick question, whether first of all, it is okay that we will be in touch with you and keep you posted about uh our progress. Um, and secondly, um right to date, we do have the technology that we started to develop, which contains the validation and evaluation of the data in order to understand what it consists and what it should consist. And as we shared, we do have um design partners in Israel, but we understand that the issue is much bigger in the US and we are looking for, you know, uh retailers that are willing uh to partner and uh receive this value for us. And uh we will have uh some case study in the US. So if you are familiar with any retailer that would be open uh for us helping them, uh we would highly appreciate it.
[בן]: Yeah, of course. And I mean, just to kind of level set like expectations, like I'm happy to have this conversation here, get to know one another and like if it makes sense to partner, yes, I think you're going to find uh some consultant or advisor, strategic advisors are going to be um can be very rigid with like what they're able to do with their time. I I think like a conversation is always great. If I can talk to people all day, that's all I would do is just like talk to people and stuff, but I have to make money too. Of course. Um, which I make money by talking to people, of course, just like this, like um, where I charge people for calls like this, but typically I'm I'm like in the earlier stages of it, so I'm meeting with more people just just naturally to learn about them, to learn what's going on. So, I think we can continue to stay connected. Um as far as how much time I can invest with you, it just comes down to like what you're looking for. Um, if you're actually looking for someone to come on and like be a strategic advisor, work with you on finding, you know, developing these things and to market, then like that's one thing. If it's um, just trying to, you know, understand information and like having casual conversations here, that's another thing. But I'm more I my time is getting limited now where I actually just signed deals with two software companies. One of them is based in Tel Aviv. to do go to market strategy in uh US. Um and we're going to Shop talk next week. In Vegas? Um, do you know shop shop?
[אוהב]: Shopix, yeah, I think they partnered with uh Yotpo or something like that.
[בן]: Yeah. So I work with Yotpo, I'm on the customer advisory board for Yotpo and I just signed a a contract with uh Shopix to help them as well. So Cool. You know, I'm very familiar with the is like or somewhat familiar with the Israel uh tech scene and learning about it every day. So of course there's some synergy there.
[אבישי]: as we expand to pilots outside of Israel, I think uh we're definitely looking for someone like you to be a strategic partner or advisor and help us navigate in this market we're not really familiar with. Uh I think if we can get value and give value to each other, it would be really really good.
[בן]: I think you have to think about is like I know you're bootstrapped but like certain things like you know like I'm I'm 42 now. So like I'm later in my career. I'm you know um and so like with that comes, you know, I can charge people more money obviously. But um I'm also mindful like who I'm talking with and like what makes the most sense. I don't want to hurt a business. I don't I want to add value to the business but I can only I only have so much time to do it and I have to take care of clients that like are I'm contracted with. So like if we want to if we want to do something with me, I'd say like figure out like really think about it like what it is you're looking for, what it is and like if you still need another conversation or two to like understand that, I'm happy to like have a free conversation with you but just know that I charge people you know for these. But like like you guys are smart and you're serious about it and like and I see value in the conversations and you see value then let's keep talking and we can just build a relationship.
[אוהב]: So that sounds great and uh as you can understand we we saw your profile on LinkedIn and also this conversation strengthened our feeling that uh uh we can learn a lot from you. So we would like uh to expand this relationship and uh I think that uh we have to do a bit homework um as you understand, we are completely blank like in the US, we are in our our very early stages. Um and this is part of uh um this conversation that we would like to to understand with you um what we can do next. Um so what I suggest is uh we will be in touch. Uh if you have any follow-up thoughts regarding uh um some retailer that might be relevant, we would be uh very uh happy to to to have any connection and we will uh speak between ourselves and uh see how we can uh take our relationship into uh the next step and uh see how we can create win-win. Sound good?
[בן]: Yeah, and just to close kind of like the just to break it down kind of like the areas of opportunity. One would be like a fractional role where like, you know, it's there's like a monthly fee and you know, there's bonuses or KPI incentives, um and it's like one day a week or two days a week or three days a week. I'm already booked now, so that kind of is off the table at least for now. The other is um like a strategic advisor where it's like, you know, portion of equity, long-term, you know, really I'm looking long-term to help you build. There's an equity component, um, it comes with like a strategic advisor role or a board role or something like that. And um, and like from a consultant standpoint, maybe there's a small fee of like, hey, you're working with us like 10 hours a month or, you know, five hours a month or whatever it may be and we just figure out what that value is. Um, the other is just like a consultant like a consultant project, like there's some sort of specific task you're looking for and it's not necessarily coming on as an employee but more of like a connector or whatnot. Um, the conversations naturally are going to are going to move in a way that makes sense for the business. So if it's like, hey, we really want a pilot partner, we want three pilot partners in the US that do X, Y and Z, then it's like, here's then you tell me, okay, here's the ones that I want because you don't really need me to tell you those. You can research, you know, do your own research. I can help you refine them. Um, but then if you can't get into them, who's going to, you know, kind of like authenticate you or advocate for you, um, and kind of be an ambassador to the to the product. Um, so because I'm also working with other software companies, I'm naturally speaking to more brands too. So my network, what it is today is just going to continue to expand and grow. So I have plenty of relationships now where I can make introductions and I'm building a partner network with like Yotpo and others. But I don't just throw out referrals. It's like that's kind of passive income. So like referrals to me are just naturally like word of mouth discussions. Maybe I'll do a LinkedIn post, maybe I'll actually try to sell something through email, but that's more of like a passive income opportunity. So like I don't want to waste my conversations with my contacts unless it makes sense and I can only talk about so many different products that without overwhelming them or just ruining the relationship. So I'd say be mindful of looking at that. Like people that sit in my position, most likely are not going to want to kind of abuse that. Some may, but I would say that like most most people are not just like hawking that.
[אוהב]: Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure, uh totally understood and uh as you said, this is a relationship and we value the time with you and we really uh believe that we can uh create win-win situation here for the long run. Um so let's see how it rolls. Um we'll be in touch. Uh what do you think of maybe trying to make another call next week after we do a bit of our homework and uh you also have time on your end?
[בן]: Yeah, next week, next week I'm in Shop or Shop talk in Vegas right week, so On the 25th. You know, the week after is probably tricky too, just because um I'm going to be coming back to working with those two companies and figuring out how do we capitalize off this momentum at Shop talk. Right. So I would say shoot me LinkedIn messages or shoot me emails, just like when you have any major updates like, hey, we launched the website or hey, we, you know, we're refining our ICP. Here's who we're looking at targeting, or here's the product that we're going after. But I think you have to have one like, what's your moat? Right? Like, what what differentiates you from the others? Because that's going to be obviously something that's critical in this process. The other is how much do you really rely on AI to like be operational? And like what are your backup plans if like something fails in that system? So like from a technical standpoint, how advanced is your logic and and are you just using are you building your own proprietary software or or your own proprietary algorithms or are you using really dependent on Claude or perplexity or some other model that's like that's like if it drops off, you're like fucked. You know, like what?
[אוהב]: So so just to address this point, I'll tell we are having already some architecture which is uh kind of proprietary of uh how we are tackling the problem regarding the validation loops, etc. that I mentioned. Um I think that's uh really really good uh takeaways and action items. We will do it. Um so what I can take from this conversation is that based on those two last points, um I can derive that you believe that there is a need for what we are addressing. Is it correct?
[בן]: What's that? Sorry.
[אוהב]: Do you believe there is a significant pain in the area of data catalog?
[בן]: I mean, look, I think I think because people are talking about product data so much and like the fear, like the fear mongering that it's done, has just kind of like whipped, you know, sharpened people's minds to understand like, okay, I need to get my product data in a great place. Which I think is just like what the fuck, you know, where was your product data before? Like what are you even doing? You know? Um, kind of educating them. Yeah, but like eventually that will get solved and people will start doing that. And there's already people doing that product data piece. So like and then if it's discoverability, it's like, okay, are you trying to be like an SEO company, an AEO company, or like what are you doing that's different that's like making sure that like your product shows up in these prompts, right? Because it's very hard to guarantee those things. It's impossible to guarantee that right now. Um, so like get your product links and everything into authoritative websites so that you're going to rank higher. Um, what is what is that capture? But yes, people care about AI discoverability at a massive level. I think the um pulling the plug on UCP with Shopify and uh OpenAI was like a shock to me and a lot of people that like two months ago they announced this UCP and then only 12 stores signed up. It's like you two are supposed to be like the Phi Society of like Shopify and OpenAI. Like if you two can't do it, then like who can or like why did you fail so miserably in in this process? So I don't we don't know all the answers or everything, you know, why everything happened, but you know, it is a little concerning that like they can't make it work. Um but that said, it's not going anywhere. People are going to continue to search and do discoverability. I think the transaction portion is a different different thing though, right? Like when we look at like the numbers of opening up ChatGPT and other people searching on these, just because they're they're asking questions, doesn't mean those questions are geared towards product or specific fashion, right? It could be like, well how should I feed my dog, you know, like or how should I flush the toilet? You know, it's just like so but like when they break up like how many people are actually on ChatGPT from this like large number of people who to break it down who's actually discovering them, it's going to be much more insignificant. Still significant, but I mean people are going through social media. Social media is not going anywhere. You got think advertising is not going anywhere. So look at the things that aren't going anywhere that don't just apply to like a specific customer in a specific market. They have to be global or not just Shopify, all platforms. So look at payment solutions and payment providers, how are you processing transactions? I mean a lot of people are doing a lot of cool things and there's a lot of smart people in Israel. Like if you look at Yotpo too, Yotpo is a loyalty review company but they're expanding to do other things like is your site set up to like be read properly by LLMs or like, you know, it's like not even their core product, they're just building stuff for fun that like gives people a ranking score. Um, what are you just do your research and make sure you're really building something that's unique and that you're not just like sub-par uh intelligent people and that you're like, you know, where where do you, you know, where do you guys rank in terms of that? And I don't know you guys at all. I'm just saying like there's some people who are really smart, there's some people who are really, really smart. I'm not, you know, I'm down here, but.
[אוהב]: Yeah. Um, got it, good feedback. Um, let's hear get back on it.
[בן]: Cool.
[אבישי]: Then well, thank you very much.
[בן]: Yeah, continue to like I said, share stuff for me. If you find information uh cool that's that I think that you think would be relevant, send it to me on LinkedIn. If you, you know, like a post or see a post, like just um, you know, stay in touch.
[אוהב]: We will.
[אבישי]: Thank you, Ben.
[אוהב]: Thank you for your time and nice to meet you. Bye-bye.
[בן]: Nice to meet you. Bye.
